INSTRUCTIONS: Please fill out the following form and submit it on BrightSpace. 
Choose only one of the corresponding numbers in your answer for sections A-F.  
Answer the questions in section G in sentence form.
Please total your self-evaluation score at the bottom of the rubric.

A. Code Quality 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Code renders but the code is unreadable 
2 - Meets Expectations - Good formatting and uses naming conventions but can be improved
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally clean and best practices are used
Your Answer: 2

B. Content 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Content not related to assignment or project (lorem ipsum, for example)
2 - Meets Expectations - Content is related to assignment or project and gets the point across
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Content is exceptionally detailed and well put together
Your Answer: 2

C. Layout / Organization 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Long sections of code with no divisions or random code layout
2 - Meets Expectations - Code that is modular and divided into sections; subprograms and functions
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally well organized. 
Your Answer: 2

D. Comments/Commits/Documentation 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Excessive, unnecessary, and irrelevant remarks; infrequent commits; missing documentation
2 - Meets Expectations - Comments identify authorship and code's intention
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Comments and documentation are clear succinct; wizardry points are explained
Your Answer: 2

E. Rendering and Interface
0 - Nothing - Page does not load or render
1 - Below Expectations - Page renders, but has errors and/or has apparent design issues
2 - Meets Expectations - Page renders and produces no errors; Interface logically laid out
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Page renders and displays properly for multiple screen sizes and browsers; Exceptional usability 
Your Answer: 2

F. Process
0 - Nothing - Project not attempted
1 - Below Expectations - code and documents not added to repository at correct times (all at once, for example)
2 - Meets Expectations - code tested regularly, pushes throughout milestone period, implementation targets met
3 - Exceeds Expectations - all design goals accomplished, submissions organized, instructions carefully followed, steps thoroughly documented
Your answer: 2


G. Self Evaluation Questions (half point each):

1. How much time did you spend on this assignment/project?
- 6 hours in total

2. How difficult did you feel this project was? Easy, moderate, difficult?
- difficult

3. What challenges did you come across while working on this project?
- Adding the PHP code

4. What things would you like to learn more about after having worked on this assignment?
- I would like to learn more about PHP and its use in creating dynamic websites.


Total Score: 14
